{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f51\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f52\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f56\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}
{\f57\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f59\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f60\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}
{\f62\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f63\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f64\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \styrsid9966758 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \styrsid13314653 Plain Text;}{\*\cs16 \additive \f1\fs20\cf0 \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \spersonal \styrsid9966758 EmailStyle16;}}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid9966758\rsid13314653}
{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.4524;}{\info{\title Unibody AxleLoad}{\author Ted Barham}{\operator Ted Barham}{\creatim\yr2004\mo1\dy12\hr14\min10}{\revtim\yr2004\mo1\dy12\hr14\min10}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords365}{\nofchars2086}
{\*\company Tread Corporation}{\nofcharsws2447}{\vern16475}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale116\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\rsidroot13314653 \fet0
\sectd \linex0\endnhere\pgbrdropt32\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9966758 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f2\ul\cf0\insrsid9966758 Unibody AxleLoad}{\f2\fs20\cf0\insrsid9966758 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\f2\fs20\ul\cf0\insrsid9966758 Purpose}{\f2\fs20\cf0\insrsid9966758 
\par This program was designed for use with Tread\rquote s Unibody line of bulk trucks.  The program is used to find the maximum product loading that can be accomplished for a particular truck considering highway regulations, manufacturer\rquote s 
specs, and the vertical center of gravity.
\par 
\par By allowing the user to manually change tank levels and apply variable loading to tag axles, the software can also be used to estimate loading for any tank loading scenario he may be interested in.
\par 
\par }{\f2\fs20\ul\cf0\insrsid9966758 Instructions
\par }{\f2\fs20\cf0\insrsid9966758\charrsid7420134 After installing the Unibody AxleLoad software, you should copy the truck file from the CD to your hard drive (the truck file will be named similar to \'93Truck_SN2253.xml\'94
).  It does not matter where on your computer you put the truck file, but you should establish a single location for all of your truck files to reside.  For example, you could create a folder called \'93My Documents\\Trucks\'94
.  The AxleLoad software allows you to define the default folder so that the program knows where to look for your truck files.
\par 
\par At this time there are no further written instructions for using the program.  It is suggested that you simply "jump in" and start using the software -- there is no way to damage anything just by using the software.  If you feel that you need extra in
struction, the sales staff at Tread can help you get started.}{\f2\fs20\cf0\insrsid9966758\charrsid7420134 
\par }{\f2\fs20\cf0\insrsid9966758 
\par }{\f2\fs20\ul\cf0\insrsid9966758 Notice Regarding Accuracy}{\f2\fs20\cf0\insrsid9966758 
\par Great care and technical research has gone into the development of the Unibody AxleLoad software.  It should never be assumed, however, that the output of this program is 100% accurate.  Mis}{\f2\fs20\insrsid9966758 -}{\f2\fs20\cf0\insrsid9966758 
estimations of 200 to 300 pounds per axle would not be unusual in even the best circumstances.  Users should therefore use common sense and provide their own "buffer zone" to ensure they don't exceed road-legal loading specifications.
\par 
\par The Unibody AxleLoad program calculates loading weights based on hundreds of input variables.  Among the more important variables (and those set by the user) are things like AN and emulsion density, storage
 box contents, and even fuel tank level.  Since the accuracy of the program relies upon accurate input variables, the user can guarantee the best results by paying careful attention to all variables for each truck being analyzed.  The accuracy of the resu
lts can never be better than the accuracy of the inputs.  
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\f2\fs20\ul\cf0\insrsid9966758 Version History}{\f2\fs20\cf0\insrsid9966758 
\par Version 1.0.1\tab - Official public release (January 12, 2004)
\par 
\par Version 1.00\tab - Initial limited release (September, 2003}{\f2\fs20\insrsid13314653\charrsid9966758 
\par }}